Documentation: The list of supported clients had been reworked (#10404)
friendica/friendica: doc/FAQ.md

### What friendica clients can I use?

Friendica is using a [Twitter/GNU Social compatible API](help/api), which means you can use any Twitter/GNU Social client for your platform as long as you can change the API path in its settings.

> Since the 2021.06 release, Friendica also supports the [Mastodon API](help/API-Mastodon) which works with a lot of Mastodon clients.

Reviewer: Or `most` if it's relevant.
```suggestion
Since the 2021.06 release, Friendica also supports the [Mastodon API](help/API-Mastodon) which works with many Mastodon clients.
```

* [B4X for Pleroma & Mastodon](https://github.com/AnywhereSoftware/B4X-Pleroma)
* [DiCa](https://dica.mixi.cool/) (Available at Google Play)
* [Fedi](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.fediverse.app)
* [Fedilab](https://fedilab.app) ([F-Droid](https://f-droid.org/app/fr.gouv.etalab.mastodon), [Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=app.fedilab.android))
* [Friendiqa](https://git.friendi.ca/lubuwest/Friendiqa) ([F-Droid](https://git.friendi.ca/lubuwest/Friendiqa#install), [Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.qtproject.friendiqa))
* [Husky](https://husky.fwgs.ru)
* [Roma](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=tech.bigfig.roma)
* [Subway Tooter](https://github.com/tateisu/SubwayTooter)
* [Tooot](https://tooot.app/)
* [Tusky](https://tusky.app)
* [Twidere](https://dimension.im/) ([F-Droid](https://f-droid.org/repository/browse/?fdid=org.mariotaku.twidere), [Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.twidere.twiderex), [GitHub](https://github.com/TwidereProject/Twidere-Android))
* [twitlatte](https://github.com/moko256/twitlatte)
* [Yuito](https://github.com/accelforce/Yuito)

> #### SailfishOS
> * [Friendly](https://openrepos.net/content/fabrixxm/friendly#comment-form)
> #### iOS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### SailfishOS

* [Friendly](https://openrepos.net/content/fabrixxm/friendly#comment-form)

#### iOS
```

* [Amaroq](https://github.com/ReticentJohn/Amaroq/tree/master)
* [B4X for Pleroma & Mastodon](https://github.com/AnywhereSoftware/B4X-Pleroma)
* [Fedi](https://apps.apple.com/de/app/fedi-for-pleroma-and-mastodon/id1478806281)
* [Roma](https://apps.apple.com/de/app/roma-for-pleroma-and-mastodon/id1445328699)
* [StarPterano](https://apps.apple.com/de/app/starpterano/id1436972796) Uses an OAuth method where you have to manually copy and paste the provided code.
* [Stella](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/stella-for-mastodon-twitter/id921372048?l=ms)
* [Tooot](https://tooot.app/)
* [Tootle](https://apps.apple.com/de/app/tootle-for-mastodon/id1236013466) entered hostname must match in upper/lower case. Currently crashes on "Status" type notifications.

#### Linux

* [Choqok](https://choqok.kde.org)
* [Whalebird](https://whalebird.social)
* [TheDesk](https://ja.mstdn.wiki/TheDesk)
* [Toot](https://toot.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)

> * [Tootle](https://github.com/bleakgrey/tootle)
> #### Windows
> * [Friendica Mobile](https://www.microsoft.com/de-DE/store/p/friendica-mobile/9nblggh0fhmn?rtc=1) (Windows 10)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Tootle](https://github.com/bleakgrey/tootle)

#### Windows

* [Friendica Mobile](https://www.microsoft.com/de-DE/store/p/friendica-mobile/9nblggh0fhmn?rtc=1) (Windows 10)
```
